README.md, before:

# Morning Afternoon
- Mladen Jugović		jugovic.mladen@gmail.com 
- Aleksandar Matić		maleksandar012@gmail.com
- Veljko Đorović		djorovicveljko@gmail.com 
- Damjan Pavlović		dp98tm@gmail.com 

# Game
To be determined...

# Dagger

A fully-featured, modern game engine made for educational purposes.

## Features

- Dagger is data-driven and event-based.
- Dagger is extremely modular.
- Dagger is clear and clearly educational.

## Installation

You can clone and fully set up this project by simply running:

```git
  git clone --recursive https://github.com/UBIBelETF/dagger.git
```

Afterwards, run the solution file `dagger.sln` in Visual Studio 2019 to start playing around. 

## Resources

Any kind of data used by engine that is not source code is considered a resource. Root directory for resources is `data\`
and so all references to resoruces begin there. For example, if you want to get a texture (from `data\textures`) you would
use `textures\mytexture.png` instead `data\textures\mytexture.png`.

## Rights and Reservations

Dagger is made as a part of Ubisoft Belgrade's game development course. All rights reserved.

Commit message:

Added game description and controlls to readme file

README.md, after:

# Morning Afternoon
- Mladen Jugović		jugovic.mladen@gmail.com 
- Aleksandar Matić		maleksandar012@gmail.com
- Veljko Đorović		djorovicveljko@gmail.com 
- Damjan Pavlović		dp98tm@gmail.com 

# Game
Plight , the ultimate arena fighting game!
The ultimate blend between castle crashers and bloodline champions


#Controlls

You move , shoot and dash in the direction you are aiming at!
You aim with A and D or UP and DOWN, shoot with F or P , attack with G or O, use shields with H or I and dash by double tapping the forward key!
(Also , you can use Y to restart the game)

# Dagger

A fully-featured, modern game engine made for educational purposes.

## Features

- Dagger is data-driven and event-based.
- Dagger is extremely modular.
- Dagger is clear and clearly educational.

## Installation

You can clone and fully set up this project by simply running:

```git
  git clone --recursive https://github.com/UBIBelETF/dagger.git
```

Afterwards, run the solution file `dagger.sln` in Visual Studio 2019 to start playing around. 

## Resources

Any kind of data used by engine that is not source code is considered a resource. Root directory for resources is `data\`
and so all references to resoruces begin there. For example, if you want to get a texture (from `data\textures`) you would
use `textures\mytexture.png` instead `data\textures\mytexture.png`.

## Rights and Reservations

Dagger is made as a part of Ubisoft Belgrade's game development course. All rights reserved.
